---
title: Keto Friendly Products
date: 2019-07-17T15:44:47.410Z
draft: true
---
The Keto Diet is a great way to drop weight quickly by having your body go through a process called ketosis which starts to burn the stored fats in the body meanwhile you start taking out most carbs out of your diet and instead eating things with high proteins and high fats. There are a lot of great products out there such as Nutpods Unsweetened Dairy-Free Creamers. They come in multiple flavors such as Hazelnut, French Vanilla, and Original. They're great because they're GMO free, dairy free, vegan certified, and even kosher. I personally enjoy the vanilla flavor because its a great alternative to dairy creamers or milk and allows me to stick to my Keto diet. I put it in my coffee in the morning and its a great way to start the day off.



If you're up early for the gym or work like me and have a craving for pancakes or waffles but want to stick to your keto diet, then try Birch Benders Griddle Cakes Pancake and Waffle Mix. They're a low carb way to still get the great taste of pancakes and waffles in the morning. While the package may say the carbs is 17 grams per 2 pancakes. Your body will actually only absorb 6 grams of carbs while also getting 9 grams of proteins! It has a some chocolate chips put into the mix and it has great texture. I usually use a little less water than it says because I like my pancakes more on the thicker side. If you feel like you need to add more flavor to your pancakes then I recommend Torani Chocolate Syrup. Is a sugar free syrup that can give your pancakes a great flavor while having no sugar, no carbs and gluten free too. You can also put it in coffees and other drinks to give it a chocolaty taste while not worrying about carbs and sugars.

If you don't feel like making coffee in the morning but still want something to energize yourself in the morning then try the Sunniva Super Coffee 12 variety pack. This Keto approved, Lactose Free and Gluten free coffee comes in four amazing flavors of Maple Hazelnut, Smooth Mocha, Vanilla Bean, and Creamy Black. Its cheaper than traditionally buying a drink from a coffee store and has more than twice as much caffeine as a traditional cup of coffee. Its packed with 10 grams of protein and has coconut oil in it to give you a fast-acting energy boost if you're making a quick run to the gym or need to wake up for a day of work. I personally like the Smooth Mocha flavor, it reminds me of hot chocolate that I used to drink when I was a kid during a cold day. They're made with organic Colombian coffee beans that are never treated with any pesticides or synthetic fertilizer because Super coffee starts with the best coffee
